"""Today begins the first day of XLP learning, as a team leader and project manager for the third group, a good place to do, but also to do bad things. As a leader, in the beginning of the project, I assign tasks to team members did not fast, and allows members of their work, while he ran the business in trading. in pounded by noon on the show, I immediately change mode, immediately put to the task assigned to team members, and strongly urge members to complete their tasks. makes the whole task to become normal.
Here to talk about me in the afternoon for the whole team management. First, I look at each person's abilities, Xiaofei Yu good outreach, upgrade to the minister of communication, while Finance Minister assigned him to do production in the constitution. 顾绍弘 technical ability, so he has overall responsibility for the technical part of the project, while allowing 李凯文 assistance. Door Tianli specializes in comparative literature, therefore arranged for him to make plays.
The overall feeling is that today's busy, mostly early work is not well done, resulting in follow-up work is under the weight of the previous work carried out slowly. However, in general, day today, learned a lot of things. Greatest achievement is to learn the git operations. Although Professor of English lectures are not able to understand everything, but the overall trend is still capable of basic grasp. Professor with a simple example to explain the coin toss relatively obscure figure in the meaning of information in this section let us surprise.
With the first day of the lesson, I'm going to give the basic planning for tomorrow. The first is tonight basic learning about the production process of the page, in order to avoid future stretched. The micro film production, we intend to carry out this evening shooting and editing to avoid today's always in a hurry task embarrassment. As written in the constitution to use gitbook, today brainstorm the task schedule anymore. I am responsible for the general manager module Operating Instructions, Xiaofei Yu is responsible for editing the task of the Ministry of Finance Minister, responsible for editing tasks Gushao Hong marketing department Minister Li Kaiwen editing tasks Minister responsible for teaching the design department, responsible for editing tasks door Tianli product development department minister. """
"""Today is the first day of the XLP extreme learning should be recognized that the strength of the curriculum is far beyond my imagination. Whether it is the number of tasks and the level of tension, or the complexity and need to learn the contents of the various processes are I can not think of before. I think once this course is a collaboration project, but time is more urgent task greater amount of it. but when I got into this environment, the integration of the ""city"" of the operation mode, everything is different. not only is publishing tasks to complete the task, to catch a variety of DDL, learn a variety of software and machine learning methods, as well as the establishment of the company, patent, trade, deal with litigation, etc. When I was putting difficulties after finally under clarify basic ideas, the time has inadvertently gone even think calm calming have to admit I made a few times I did fire, and even broke a few foul language. Judging from this level, indeed my resilience and have a comprehensive test organizational skills today XLP.
      Since test out a number of problems, in fact, found today in many places not previously found: 1. the pursuit of success and excellence of intense desire. We start to see a technology employees ""Man fight"" performance, I saw that we currently have only four employees and a strong desire to succeed him. As Mr Yu said that Ma has been able to succeed, how much he does not lie in the so-called high IQ, but an egregious ordinary people, eager to spiritual success. I believe this will give us greater spiritual progress!
2. compression capability, in a rapidly changing venue, in the heart rate has never been lower than the case of 100, in the case of hard to stop, we could have still efficient, yet methodical, yet high-quality job done ! Is not that the best witness for us under pressure so! 3. endurance capacity, afraid to eat slowly, drink plenty of water to relieve themselves afraid, afraid to work retired and sit. . . . As a leader, my mantra is: how would anyone not at work! Can not rest! 2333, we actually can be an amazing perseverance Renxia it all and absolutely no tucao performance. . . I as a leader, as a semi-sadist, see everyone's performance, it really is a Orz. . . .
     Overall, today was a full day, we refuel! """
"""The first day of XLP be over, a few days before the recall has been preparing for, but found it difficult or exceeded my expectations. Before feel ready to have very good, because Git, Gitbook what tools will be used , but found it was not enough.
Until noon, and I do not understand what we do in the end, going back until the evening, I do not know what it was like in the end to be made throughout the day, even though it has done a lot, but do not know for what, I feel is missing something.
Ben Koo twice comments letting me know that we were still on the theme of the event: I am the master of space, so the lack of knowledge and understanding of. At least I remember what he said: digital publishing, permissions, publishing flow, what the modern industry, for now and the future is very important, but unfortunately I could not even digital publishing process has not yet fully appreciate nor understand the characteristics of which and there will be a series of questions.
So in the absence of in-depth understanding of the constitution in the end focus on, what the theme is, specifically pay attention to what, or stay in a big problem before us.
The day tired, but also very confused, but I still try to complete the work group to assist other team members to work together. I recall a few days before we get together to talk about it, is the most fun thing, discovered that in fact find partners through thick and thin is a big harvest curriculum, and may be one of the biggest gains. So in this group, it must continue even hard.
So busy in the past day, maybe I should slow down and go look at those books recommended care teacher, article or something, maybe there will harvest it, come on! """
"The first day of the log
In today's 7:00 when we arrived at the seventh group of industrial training centers, advance familiar with the environment, let us for the next day is full of confidence. 7:30, when the task parties sign. Digitized biological information registered - face recognition mode is very new, so I'm very curious about what is about to happen. After the sign, according to the group had been a good seat.
8:00, Professor Ben Koo speech and explain the main content of the XLP - the space-time makerspace constitution presentation and explanation. I check off the idea of creating space - determined by a group of people who put their dreams into reality composed for dreams together.
Novelty - four forces relevant departments, Robert's Rules of Order, Bitcoin usage, rule of law and the courts and other duties, CC knowledge, 3D printing reports, design and 3D printing group Logo, 635, canvas tool, constitution, constitution Story Edition Trade and Industry Bureau registration, etc., which are in close contact I have never had to do, so I feel very productive.
In particular, the day care teacher with special emphasis for us, the important role of the normal operation of modern society for the digital society. I seriously thought for a moment, indeed. Living in a big digital society, everything we do is inseparable from digital devices references, with the development of society, digitization of our daily life is full, help us to better use our resources to complete I hope to complete the task, get the results we want.
constitution and the constitution of the story in the development version, the idea of micro screenplay when we opened the large and small meetings. The main application of the rules of procedure and Robert brainstorming mode. Robert's Rules of Order, the text seems to be particularly cumbersome, but after using it to avoid the conflict face to face to discuss personnel, improve the efficiency of the meeting, to better achieve their desired objectives of the meeting, the effect is very good. The brainstorming, brain hole wide open, gave us more ideas.
In short, this is a harvest day. "
"How not to eat dinner, complex tasks a day of high intensity, and finally have the time to sort out a little longer.
Overall, not very satisfied. So I have come to Tucao. Before Tucao, I think a good place to talk about it. Admire the teacher's care "," ambition "," When we chose this course because of innovative care teachers have heard about this project and wanted to try for yourself. Ben Koo's comments, I still learned a lot about open source and cc agreement, learned to do pre focus method to cope with stress and so on. I thought if we could have the opportunity to take care of the teachers share what is certainly very rewarding. Also some things, because the scene was too chaotic, failed to timely down, with some regret, but this is where I want to Tucao.
Too many trough point, I do not know where to talk = =. First, imagine the feeling of poor performance and the challenges of group care teacher too far, even my requirements are lower than when we are frantically to complete the task, the efficiency of the relevant departments of the challenges the group does not know how to describe it really is hard to imagine they have come here for several days. And really is a poor attitude, I heard a burst of foul language. Perhaps you want to simulate the reality of incompetent managers? It really is quite realistic. Second, the scoring rules, tasks require frequent replacement, completely playing us ah!
Finally, began to question this type of learning task bombing, could not find focus entirely led by the nose, there is no time to think, no time to reflect, and now want to write a good reflection is also head of the mission also urged to write quickly but in fact, most of these tasks did not make sense, this course is to let me install and learn a lot of software, too short also did not train any habit, a good course should be a way to guide, not specified a tool that I think we are now doing is to complete the task, and no initiative has been to complete the task brush presence. In addition, such a fast-paced learning, it is easy to overlook the focus, just like when doing pre Ben Koo let us seize the key, but too many tasks, we are to complete the task, while ignoring the significance of the task, in hindsight , but sent a few days time. Moreover, time is tight and heavy task, the notification time was so tight, are not sure, do not bear any responsibility for not much gain.
Perhaps this is the gap between the ideal and the reality of it. May all be better. "
The first day of XLP soon learn the past, from the novelty of 3D printing in the morning on Bitcoin interest in the afternoon on a warm micro-film discussion, we learned a lot in the group. From the beginning to the data stream, completely unaware of the digital society, and later try to hit off Union constitution which joined git elements, Ben Koos and other speakers presentations and comments are also provided us with a new idea. However, to this day, the biggest problem is not from the team members' cooperation is not understanding, not even because of the use of unskilled git, but not professional and prevarication challenging party. Am for 3D printing design needs, challenges party initially told we could use autoCAD design composition, can be passed after the completion of 3D design software to print, but we do a good job, they said autoCAD format can not be used to export 3D printer print, and arrogance, affecting the process of group tasks. Later, when you need to print the application form to apply for a trademark, on behalf of the integrity of the company's wanton asking price, after consulting the Trade and Industry Bureau, the integrity of the company has announced that they are helping the black market to sell products, manage the printer does not belong to them, but they insisted that the printer by the Trade and Industry Bureau of integrity All, on this side of wasting a lot of time task. The above situation is not uncommon, the task for the challenger party discontent is not unusual. But the summary of their own reasons, there are many places worth summarizing the first day. The first is the use of unskilled to git, and ungit visualization software on the computer has been freeze, resulting in progress so it is slowed down; and there is a panel discussion on Robert's Rules of Order 653 and unskilled use brainstorming, so the discussion is not efficient. But after a day of learning, especially Ray Doughty speech, let us make the constitution as well as how to build digital communities, digital normative guidelines have a better understanding, we have begun to try to use the new resources, such as making gitbook constitution, try to use more visual display file icon making, try to learn more of this book, such as code inside knowledge.
"Overall, I am very happy. '
Yesterday evening, very nervous to think what would happen today, git always have a place to use the card to 2:00. Then ......
And then late today ......
Thought it would be miserable. In fact, not very good, and stood for a long time can be a little uncomfortable and then were told to look for a small partner. La la la ......
Chaotic beginning, but then gradually feel great sense of belonging.
Group logo was originally designed simple atmosphere on the grade. But then ...... ...... When you see someone take the little scissors plush 3Dlogo, only think how the world. Ultimately did not hold back hair talk tucao.
Today there is a will git upload, follow the steps I did a couple of hours, but still did not succeed, it is true that some upset, but then, to comfort myself, what time is not the lack of progress from this feeling of stagnation dilemma in a breakthrough, the harvest was a joy and a sense of accomplishment, and harvest an achievement for a little complacent since this music very happy for myself. Although the use of a long time, but today I managed to break the dilemma, la la la.
Really a lot of harvest.
As I understand Ben Koo guide we see a future world belongs to us, when you see that a task is submitted, when the group of small partners and happily discuss cooperation, jokes ...... I really in love with this feeling.
I have always been careful to cherish every minute when his own time, the kind of feeling full. Perhaps it is my life's most valuable asset it.
Ah ~ ~ I think tomorrow I want to do more to show ~ exercise their own. Because it feels that this is really a big challenge.
I like this new environment, because although it will be the beginning of repression. But step by step I will beat it. However, defeat it is not important, important is that I can well improve themselves, more importantly to challenge themselves, this Barbara is an experience of life's most beautiful, feels he has been fresh, new life has been a.
I was in the face, but also wanted to give up, but that can not help but deny mouth up quickly.
"
"XLP first day
January 26, less than seven in the morning, with sleepy eyes, we set up this early into the industrial training center, was the first to reach the venue of this group. Then, we cherish great enthusiasm started the day learning and work, the day, also tired unbearable.
Morning, we focus on learning from Ben Koo at a makerspace and listen handsome lawyer explained the four forces, Robert's Rules of Order, but also more systematic understanding of the Bitcoin (also an understanding of the major software use Bitcoin - currency payment Paul).
Afternoon, busy did not even have time to eat us, first of all we went through the first round of the teachers care test - the Universal Declaration and the constitution Exhibition and progress reports. Then, Professor Ray Doughty from MIT, in his powerful, to us a round of talks, but unfortunately my poor English, and headache, which failed to properly understand the teachings of Professor Ray Doughty. After that, our system and detailed study of Git, this has a certain degree of understanding. But because it is the first contact with larger capacity and curriculum content, not fully understand, but also need to continue to refuel in the future to continue to practice learning git usage. Thanks in advance teammates learned git, in later gitgame in our group quickly complete the project, and won prizes. We are very happy.
Later, we quickly began the second round of the project - as well as micro-film design modifications constitution. In the micro-film design aspects, the more I could be proud of is that the entire micro-film design ideas roughly according to my ideas, it makes me feel a sense of accomplishment.
In fact, today there are a few things are more impressed me: First, Ben Koo school teacher angrily 3D printing agency staff that period, reflects his reluctance to talk nonsense, cherish the characteristics of time. But privately believes that this practice unbecoming a. Second, is that there is always the teacher began to say things in English. In this regard, I think, although this is a respect for the entire industrial design project, but it is for their lack of respect. Mr. Ding Zhaozhong even fame, still insisted that the international conference on Chinese. Chinese people, Chinese people should have confidence!
Tired today, go back earlier to rest, to Japan battles. "
"With a look, but also with a fear, we ushered xlp courses.
Because of a busy day, time flies. The overall impression, how do you say? There are also tired harvest. From completely unaware xlp want to do, to the idea of the teacher have a general understanding. I feel the teachers want us to make a simulation or a company's social doctrine, doctrine means that people only need to follow this general doctrine, it can be done live on this small community.
Function is important that teachers hope we can understand git this open source tool in this way, to advanced Internet thinking to understand.
Meanwhile, a foreign professor who lectures, I generally understand, xlp mainly in the hope we have completed two things.
One is by hacking rather than teaching the way of learning, not just through a rigid approach to learning, as he held it to determine additive formula approach, even though all of the computing is done to make sure the method, try parity some luck this approach tends to have a very effective results. Our activities, too, he started not know what to do, time and again by commenting, or even run into a wall, and gradually explore some guessing have to finish this problem. Four days of this, I believe that we can hone greatly enhance our ability to give.
The second is the development of their own mental language, that is, the ability to cooperate with others, so, even though the language barrier between them can be very good cooperation by the professor. Indeed, because of the character of the time is very tight, almost single-handedly is not done, so this is simply the ability to force us to exercise cooperation, but also the ability to tap the different students.
Summed up his first day, due to the use of git is not familiar with this issue, leading to a lot of the progress of the group falls behind, with some regret, but will make up for the night, come on! Finally, for every night sleep.
At the same time, we have to make plans, to better complete the task, not suited for the presentation of some change can come slowly, such as reducing the number of words, proposed the key, do not have crap, we had a series of bad habits are to be contracted corrections. If so, this xlp event will be able to have the best outcome.
Zhu Zilin
January 26, 2015 "
"XLP first day
Year January 26, 2014, with excitement, I walked into the classroom interdisciplinary system integration design challenges.
Before, there is the so-called "chaotic evil," the legend, from the mouth of seniors, we also heard XLP classroom is hardly a moment to rest, work all day, hungry, eat in the experimental stage, sleepy sleep on the bench, three 80 hours a day to learn. . . . . . Ill at ease with, Mu sun, we started the day's journey.
After breakfast, riding a bicycle passing one after another, building, and finally found a basis for the industrial park. Suddenly, I feel Tsinghua really big, but such a long time, actually there will never set foot in so many places!
On the basis of the industrial park, we have a line of people Zuozhuanyouzhuan eighty-nine, spent tens of minutes, yet to find a trace of the classroom. Thus, Li Qiang students to teacher called, and finally found this place.
Zhayi enter, playing fast-paced music, tables and chairs placed neatly really not. Suddenly, I thought, these days, our days will be how much "slack" What!
After the class, listening to lectures do not remember how many, but what impressed me most, or Ben Koo school teacher.
First, he has always insisted on speaking English, although fawning too, but then deep thought, can be considered beyond reproach. After all, whether the majority of the latest Git or other digital products, said the English were absolutely dominant. Therefore, it is no doubt the importance of English.
In addition, he rebuked those remarks, CEO of 3D printing really is "deeply rooted." Indeed, this does not really refined, but not necessarily a hard-edged character of the true nature, and that rage around us, we can understand the teacher's care care and thought. Time is money! When Xi is its true meaning!
In constant challenge mission, we have broken Jing cut spine to overcome the difficulties, there is a battle of wits safeguard individual rights. Upon completion of the task, we are in the show, although often times out, especially when I have two consecutive timeouts, which reflects my not doing well in the grasp of time outside, let me hear the teacher care to avoid complicated , followed the trend of some of the teachings, so we benefit.
In the end, we strongly urge the head of the class back, let us in the case of one member did not come yet worse. Tomorrow, we turn this trio encountered what challenges? The teacher will care for us? Let us wait and see!
Note: The author is Yu-list "
"The first time to participate in XLP, just entering the lab I was most impressed by is the hot spot and slightly chaotic work environment.
       After a full English teacher Ben Koo opening speech, we received a copy of today's first task, then immediately followed many of the deadline, let us temporarily difficult to adapt. Fortunately, the team will soon conduct its first meeting by Robert's Rules of Order, to determine the division of labor in general and the next major task.
Our finance department will be divided into teams, liaison, as well as technical and Safety Management Department, the total number of five people, through debate and vote on the decision adopted by the case, and then carry out their duties to carry out their work tension.
       Aini Yar soon discovered by money in the bank to obtain the interest of ways to make money, the first one will be money in the bank. In addition, He Qi photographic rights to purchase the old constitution, and to photograph the starting point, through brainstorming and group discussions identified the first draft of the constitution.
In addition, you want to know when the design team logo, we will soon reach a consensus, to complete the selection and design of the logo by Yang Qi solely responsible for 3D modeling and printing process because the problem with the printer, the ultimate physical delivery time later in the deadline, in order not to waste time, no prosecution 3D printing company to court and be held accountable.
       The most difficult part of the afternoon than to learn to write and use git md file in just half an hour's time. Wu Jun classmates since learned Fortran language, so as the technical guidance of the duties of the whole group. In git use of exploration, we unfortunately missed the deadline set two tasks, resulting in almost no git get partial credit. But team members cheer again soon and do a show PPT and before this is determined by the second meeting of the approximate idea of micro-film shoot.
      In the show, the Panel cited systems theory, "a seven-principle" upper control lower proportion that does not exceed 1: 7, and as a team to develop a basic rule change permissions, although existing care teacher commented operational programs is very low, but for our future improvements provide direction.
     Tonight division of tasks is to continue to learn and complete git constitution changes.
     Hope to be able to quickly adapt to the XLP after learning environment, make amends, to do better. "
"Interdisciplinary integrated design and challenges: the first day of the log
Force 4 Aini Yar, January 26, 2015 Monday, overcast
Today is the commencement of "interdisciplinary integrated design and Challenges" course on the first day. Due in part before the seniors, "inculcate" this course to establish a bad impression, so I do not expect the mood carries into this classroom. However, the facts tell me that the situation is so far from the seniors to say terrible. On the contrary, seniors ilk instilled in me all the negative thoughts (such as money Ban Ben Koo of teachers "Chaotic Evil") have vanished. I gradually built up interest in this course.
In fact, I think this course is more like a never had serious "game-like" attempt. Why is the "game-style" mean? That is because, according to my preliminary judgment in the "interdisciplinary integrated design and Challenges", every student are conducting a kind of "role-playing"; and individual performance is good or bad, just depends on the depth "into play" in. That is why "serious" mean? Because, if you do not prepare for serious and rigorous design, does not hold serious attitude, then the students in this course is not run to win.
At the same time have these two qualities (ie, the seriousness and playfulness) course in learning is really a totally different experience. Gameplay let me keep the interest in exploration. Virtual currency curriculum set so I always have a proper business and thus "get rich" expectations, even better is the virtual currency is also a direct reflection of the level of implementation capacity of the challenger. This is really flash in the pan. Seriousness they always remind me to keep sensitive to errors and zero tolerance. Because in the process of challenge, the mistake would mean left behind in turn means failure. So cynical lax attitude in this course is intolerable. Therefore, from time to time waves of laughter, but also tightening the mind immediately, lest Queer, there is a loophole. At the same time, you also learn a lot no previous knowledge to understand and master the skills many have never heard of. Obviously, Git is a typical one.
Okay! "
"Tell, just come in this room is what it feels like when a. A little speechless complex, or a little excited and nervous. I remember hearing panel members then choose this course of surprised, because absolutely not student access to such professional, really think that everything is full of challenges. now I knew, felt inexplicable fight with a little difficult. I do not know where it came like a little courage to constantly challenge yourself.
        3D printing is started from the morning, to watch their design draft is adopted, is printed produced, the moment the heart is really very happy. Remember in those transactions, the division of the entire group with everyone, decision together, share together, meet challenges together feel really let yourself feel a sense of challenge and then abused explosion persistent go down, feeling a little bit but a little bitter feeling happy.
        Remember the time when the sense of being a fine afternoon, the heart of the depression, in turn pick up the legal weapons to brave guard their rights, became the first lawsuit the prevailing party XLP, that moment is really very happy, able to each team member earn our hard-earned money. Do not really care so much about the original figures, suddenly seemed like there is an important, original simulation in which XLP this slightly smaller community, competition, challenge, cooperation, mutual assistance, all in all, are so impressed me.
        For me, very laborious course will be most impressed again and again to the number of constitution changes, Ben Koo abnormal place again and again and precise git in. These activities, so I get a lot of growth. Ben Koo constantly emphasize that this is an era of information to learn, I remember deep. I realized quickly in a field outside world development and profound. I think we really need to be a time of followers, the courage to meet the many challenges we face.
       "Do not say a lot of nonsense," I liked the phrase. I think this is a very simple but very difficult to do one thing. Our life is always constantly repeated often some pointless if it takes some big, looks very formal, full weight, as if a kind of accomplishment. However, I am now slowly learned, what we need is, seize our time, make full use of our time, as time followers. (As if to say nonsense ..) thought to himself arranged many tasks, more reading, more understanding of the relevant open-source information, more contact, more know some new things to enrich themselves.
       There will always be challenges, but I believe there is nothing to make life difficult for the Hom. I will pay close attention to the school, trying to catch them. Make a substantial followers of it. Come on! "
Experienced interdisciplinary integration challenges of the first day, you can say a kind of dizzy, exhausted, limbs spread seems to feel the same, seemingly one-month deadline are concentrated to the day, however, compared to the campus wandering, this day really enrich a lot, from ignorant to have some preliminary understanding, in just one day, which is used to look git unthinkable. From morning to get up groggy wake-up call to challenge party show, write code to transfer files from a rush to show speaks for the teacher's comments, even from one day too late to eat rice busy burning the midnight oil at night tired, as the seniors said, it is a comprehensive integrated interdisciplinary challenge, which makes your world a surprisingly substantial. In fact, besides being enriched tired, more are returning to the excitement of this exciting enrichment, rarely met after high school, but this than idle all day, with nothing to do all day feeling a lot better. Perhaps the finished code after a while, all of a sudden out of breathe, his head and looked at the sky, smoke two lump, which is full and happy feeling. "Three-shift lights just before dawn chicken, when it is read man," perhaps we've read this poem million times, however, the young must struggle, we must have young crazy young young young should have the temperament, we were crazy and full, it is because we are young. "Please Jun and is boy crazy," juvenile mad, not in the growing, but that with the completion of a crazy teenager has a task, one has to accept a challenge, there is no challenge, where what of life? Thank interdisciplinary integration challenges, give me a chance, I learned a lot of unheard of, never seen before in the knowledge, whether it is digital life, or the open source community, or care teacher reviews, or foreign professor's wonderful speech, which all new things impact our minds, expand our horizons. In a cross-disciplinary integration challenges, we will be normal.
"This is our first day to attend the course, although there are some preparations before, but at the beginning of the course is quite suited, some did not adequately respond to emergency situations. The most typical example is the second time gitgame Although we have the first successful experience, but this challenge requires us to use the branch side rather than everyone join collaborators, the results we are in disarray. as a leader I could not control the two accounts at the same time, leading to the final we finally merge all normal submit a request, and I own it, and we branch conflict, and slow down the progress of the whole group, and my heart is still very sorry.
But after a while slowly beginning to adapt, learn and challenge square deal afterwards we also have a color of idea, our team is also strengthening degree of understanding, from the beginning to be a little something in the micro-channel group call now for a long time on one person to deal with an emergency situation when other people can use git to move forward on his (her) a semi-between where we were not even need to explain further. What touched me was in the team score each part, we commit errors do not own one day shy, try to coordinate a frank and fair score. Really difficult to get people to unite us, the strangers.
What impressed me most was Professor Ray C. Dougherty to speech, let us have an intuitive understanding of information theory, of course, for us, now, in this lecture to a more realistic impression should be "should be chosen by the student textbooks and content "concept.
At present constitution and have begun to take micro-film structure, we should provide a revised constitution available tonight. We use the rules of procedure of the shortest Robert unanimous decision after 11 o'clock tonight to go back, have assumed the posture of a big, although not yet know what the back of the difficulties encountered, the task will be extremely boring or fun too, but I think if we are to maintain the current state, should be able to overcome it. Go Team1! "
"It's a start, I have to look forward to for a long time, the heart a little excited. Though became leader, but I do not know what to do. For this we are going to a lot of Git tools used are not familiar with me, but I naively have confidence because I do not know what the.
     This proved to be an irrational blind, our group, at least I do spend a lot of time to use Git, but it is not effective. However, I hope to learn from here what changed in the past I have not the courage to change some of the shortcomings.
     First, a simple opening in the morning, knowing something about the four forces of the Rules of Procedure and Robert, as well as some knowledge of Bitcoin. In fact, these elements are slightly in contact before, but not in such a particular environment get pretty show. I think this is a conceptual introduction, which is mainly to build the future of digital consciousness in our minds and bedding, but it also tells us a little idea, that our founding constitution makerspace should be based on the future of digital clear understanding of the world.
     Explained some of the rules are slightly too not to mention, but these things do not currently reflect much effect.
     LOGO advances 3D printing group is not optimistic, it seems that only the leader during my modeling, and because unskilled operation done on the cause is not excellent; however, the most important thing is that our team is not clear division of labor, chaotic, mainly to do is just run around to understand the market and so on exist.
     However, in the later time, the content well more. Some specialize in the market, the contents of the legal aspects, and even completed a lawsuit, but unfortunately I was too busy to attend to the other.
     constitution discussed the situation is equally bleak. We are not clear what they are doing, so that discussion too inefficient; and we do not adapt to the use of Robert's Rules of Procedure, although a certain framework, but did not take effect. However, the good news is that the participation of members of the gradually improved. In this process, we continue to strengthen their understanding of the task.
     Afternoon is an extension of the morning. Guest lecture has a very high introduce focused on the vital, my thinking has some inspiration to write the constitution. I understand that our constitution as universal language, namely metal language; With such constraints as long as we can make in this space freely contribute.
     Skills training is a very important part. As 朱子霖 classmate said, we know that the theoretical content, but does not do well in practice. Process, the emergence of a variety of bug, although the principles to solve very simple, but in practice, they tend to get stuck a little problem.
     The technical problems have been with us in all aspects of the later, resulting in a considerable impact, which is why we must first solve the problem.
     Later in the show part of it so it is quite thin, but based on the interpretation of Zhu Zilin's powerful capabilities, the content is very substantial, even we did not have time to show micro-film.
     After a busy day, I'm careful reflection, we need a clear division of labor within the group, truly reasonable arrangement and use of time. "
"Today, finally insight into the true face of XLP, Sentimental excitement has faded, lunged sounded weary or tired tired: GIT will not use, do not hold the thigh, some time ago, do not know the whole XLP doing some confusion and boredom , it is not suited to some of this whole digital life, but after all this is the development direction of the times, we as Tsinghua students to the forefront of the times, it is necessary more contact this digital world ..... .
         First, Git is a free, open-source distributed version control system for quick and efficient handling of any small or large projects. Like a p2p system, it is more efficient and convenient. Tonight I think I am a very important task is to learn GIT usage.
         Summarize the work today, this morning I am responsible for expenditure and revenue, for novelty, I purchased the so-called black market of limited edition canvas manual, spent 70 dollars, which is now found in a pit, there is no use, even 10 yuan cheap to sell to someone else no one to buy, it is a failure of the Ministry of Finance. I found that we first find out the role of this article should be ready to buy stuff in, and then determined to buy.
         In the afternoon I was busy with a variety of operating mainly GIT and found wasting a lot of time in the dark, but it finally had to ask foreign aid to help the operation, but the time was too late. Some are forced to spend money if it must go out in a timely manner, especially some technical aid.
         For some of our group evaluation: I think our group to do better is that the procedure of the program, more fully utilized and later with Robert's Rules of Order and brainstorming, but we use the GIT GIT unskilled lead us in a lot of there was no score; followed by our constitution to discuss the program is almost completely deviated from the right direction, are discussing some impractical useless nor meaningful and workable solutions, so the discussion in tomorrow's constitution must be a lot added the actual content of "Network World
"Today is XLP introductory courses to attend the first day can be summed up in two words: harvest pressure.
       When morning attendance, felt the advanced technology here; the next few lectures, but also enrich our knowledge about Bitcoin, three D printing, to understand the process of XLP functions of various departments; after we started tense work, that version of the story of the development of the constitution, in this period, our group use Robert's Rules of Order were discussed, but we think that a satisfactory result will soon be singled out Ben Koo lot of problems, while the exchange process, we benefited Comments a lot. At noon we had the privilege to listen to the wonderful lectures Professor Dougherty's Ray C. Afternoon, we first learn to use Git, carried out a Gitgame, then grouping continued to revise the constitution and start micro-film version of the story preliminary production. And in the evening show, and found a lot of problems in our reviews of Ben Koo. Then continue to discuss constitution and group reading literature.
        Today's harvest can be summarized as follows: 1, some never understood the concept, such as Bitcoin, have a preliminary understanding. 2, the successful use of Robert's Rules of Order, initially familiar with. 3. Review of Ben Koo understand our problem: talk more, there is no real connotation; no actual operational rules; do not understand some of the core concepts; for Git tools such application is not enough. 3, the successful application of the 653 rules of brainstorming. 4, familiar with the use of Git. 5, the experience of group work: Be sure to clear division of labor, with clear objectives. This is in our work to waste a lot of time after the conclusion.
       Of course, naturally there will be a lot of pressure on the first day, and I also have a lot of places do not in place. My biggest problem is not yet familiar with the use of tools such as Git, to some of the core concepts are not very understanding; to do tonight and tomorrow morning I'm going to do more. Meanwhile, tonight we will continue to revise and understanding of the constitution and the network of open source. "
"Today is January 26, 2015, when other students have come home with luggage, we ushered in the first day of the XLP In this day, we have gone from excitement to confusion and then the tears ran to catch live . After I could go on!
      6:30 am, I get up, dressing, washing, eating, set foot on the seat of cavalry to the XLP Industrial Training Centre, Tsinghua basis. After the long-awaited challenge party know, I was surprised to discover that many of them are college students, and even undergraduate freshman! Could not help but feel admiration, also had unyielding momentum. After the recognition, I turn on the computer, try it out!
       Let's watch a promotional video XLP, looking very hot-blooded, felt the passion to maker team. Then after another is Professor Ben Koo, challenge-party video and four force, Robert's Rules of Order, Bitcoin usage explanation, curriculum goals and scoring rules explain, explain the rule of law, 3D printing presentation. Which I was very impressed when listening to Ben Koo 3D printing presentation frequently interrupted speech, proposed actions to directly say 3D printing, making the speaker quite embarrassing. I felt Ben Koo This is done to save everyone's time, but not enough respect for the speaker, a better approach might be in front of speakers at the first check presentations.
      Next is our design team LOGO hands, and we soon identified the LOGO basic structure, but the next time actually in the long stalled, the final deadline under the urging finally completed the task. After a lengthy discussion, the main content is to write the constitution, we noticed that no one at the beginning of XLP documentation processes and integration rules, resulting in many tasks are not completed in time. Finally, let us tangled constitution storyboard for a long time, until there are 10 minutes away from the cut-off time around began to tense up, decided to write the constitution given to five individuals, and finally hastily filled, the final show will imagine. This matter also told me a lesson: we must first determine the mission objectives, then the division, and then they go to work intently.
     Afternoon listening to a lecture, modify good constitution and a second display, finally received praise Ben Koo, really hard work pays off. Unfortunately, there is no control to show a good time, resulting in the constitution of the micro-film version of the story does not show up, pay attention to controlling time later.
     Tonight may be difficult (brush) sleep (night), best wishes! "
"Learnings
Today learned technical stuff including 3D printing technology, git use, bitcoin use and so on.
1. 3D print I thought that 3D printing is to import models directly print, in fact, is the use of 3D printing pen manual operation, and I think the gap is relatively large.
2. Play gitgame when we set slower. In fact, due to start before that gitgame XLP complete fast, we have made ungit technical support. Unfortunately fork + pull model is not familiar with some of the problems encountered.
3. bitcoin is very interesting, especially because it used "count power" to ensure the safety, does not require a third party, but is not used today.
Professor Ray Dougherty fortunate to hear lectures from MIT, and he talked about Chomsky's theory of meta-linguistics, Shannon's Information Theory and Alan Turing's theory (which is trans-disciplinary interdisciplinary mean!) I is defined by the meta-linguistics inspired by the idea of grammar, I thought I could be evaluated (for example with reference to the amount of share) for the record off.
Team work
I think our team was not perfect formation, things start to still a little chaotic.
I did not understand the rules, should have been carried out with the way each group sharing deal, but only as a representative group leader and, finally, the card is lost accidentally, just hoping to find it.
Learn thoughts
I had great expectations for this learning process, after the start but frequently disappointed.
Ben Koo repeatedly emphasized that "digital", yet we continue to challenge party into the cumbersome paper program, a variety of materials are particularly difficult to write, but they do slow! I'm not the person to speak slowly and more difficult, etc., but they do everything slow, unskilled. You can not build a digital market? For example, you can use git challenge to establish a market square, the documents can also be an electronic version of ah. In such a tight schedule of activities which actually works so slow, how happy we are playing court.
10:30 Also I do not know what the constitution is that yesterday, I thought it would introduce today, but today only the host said, "You start it," until the afternoon to do to show care to listen to the teacher evaluation I realized that this was to be doing. "
"When he first entered the classroom: a closed environment, dim lighting, dense crowd, stage speakers ...... shocked, I thought it was the eyes accustomed to the sales organization, the brain has not kept pace, followed by a lot. did not understand the technology. While doing some preparation in advance, but after learning that there is no concept of any real experience, really difficult to implement, especially Git, the most important thing is not good grasp, to follow-up work caused no small trouble, had to find other groups looking for technical assistance, slowed down the progress, the loss of money. Although barely completed the task, but the heart is still empty, it appears in the evening had to study hard and stay up well.
         In addition, although the activities suffered a lot of inexplicable DDL, mental and physical exhaustion, still grateful for the enthusiastic members, provide valuable encouragement and timely humor, help the whole group in a tense and very relaxed atmosphere in the past. 3D printing, with a sincere performance won fifty percent discount; when the bank to pay, honor "framed" in Zou God, which produced the first major courtroom activities.
         The first day, I feel a lot activity trough point, now a little to explain, when the right to relax: banks, market, police set, there are strong in two colors, and everyone's feeling a little play; other activities always in serious and funny atmosphere than twofold were sometimes just entering a state of tension, see traders slapstick joy, all of a sudden there is no fighting, and suggested that a serious challenge to party properly; a full day in the dim classroom in front of the computer, dizzy, when you go out to buy dinner, feel the outside world, particularly fresh, the venues that can improve a little bit? Through ventilation may be a little better.
         Tomorrow's activities remain challenging, I do not know what will happen ah. Today we are at the end of the enthusiastic cooperation of the two groups to discuss things tomorrow, there is a large group of God's favor to get the extra. This once again proves that in today's age, talent is the most important asset, a top a group too much. I have tried, at least, can not hold back, a little progress every day. "
"While a lot of xlp before heard rumors, but until this morning that I really feel the breath of this course.
Honestly, does have a lot of pressure and challenges, but gradually the day I really appreciate the hard trace makerspace maker, although I have participated in laboratory owl "Hackers" activities, but today only know what is really Created by guest - all aspects of the considerations, and not a little for so-called "creative"; close to modern norms, although not being bound framework, rather than a simple core without thinking and changes "copy and imitate ".
When very impressed when the first show was criticized Ben Koo when, indeed, we did not communicate very well thought out and show our own ideas. We learned his first lesson under, substantive speeches and conversation - frank and constructive. We gradually began to improve their own thoughts and ideas, gradually appreciate something special.
A great difficulty I encountered was that git down again used as a complete code has not worked on agricultural life of me, the face of this kind of work is at a loss to start. But I gradually found a self-help, active learning process, through a stage, is gradually mastered the basic operations and methods, but also have new things to experience.
Very wonderful speech dizzying, tight schedule so I feel the time is full of pressure and power. Here, I look forward to their performance and harvesting. Finally, I am reminded of the famous owl laboratory --STAY HUNGRY, STAY FOOLISH. I think this may be the course will be left where my deepest feelings, I waiting. "
"Long before I entered the classroom XLP, I know it worthy of its name from the ultimate challenge of the seniors there, then just wanted to challenge under their own power.
       As a member of the same group into the first moment XLP innovative training base, I felt hectic atmosphere. Registration statement, collar card, face recognition, care teacher, challenger knowledge presentation, followed by a one, not the slightest bit of rest, even the toilet have time. In just two hours, I learned a makerspace maker, four force, Robert's Rules of Order, Bitcoin, patents, 3D printing, etc. knowledge, covering a very wide range of knowledge, demonstrating an important tool for the digital lifestyle. What impressed me most was to explain the process to comply with the timing of everything, all the tasks immediately after the end of the current point, no one can continue to waste time, including those responsible for human care teacher.
       Went to the battlefield after the start, LOGO design, we thought the collision, I made recommendations positive five warriors, and later Aini Yar simplified warriors, and on the use of alienation W LOGO, said last yar art of cells with Aini he will become a similar design sailboat looks like, by Yang Qi create 3D models and 3D print.
       Begin to develop constitution, we use Robert's Rules of Order specification under the guidance of the host Leach bell schedule meetings orderly, efficient, but 20 minutes is not a lot of chapters discuss the terms of the content is somewhat empty, impractical in Ben Koo under the guidance of a teacher, in the second discussion, we actively modify the relevant content, Shanfanjiujian, all pragmatic. The meeting discussed the constitution of the discussion after the micro-film production, the use of brainstorming ways to express their views.
        Undoubtedly the highest-tech digital git operating as technical director of our group, I mainly Git account management team, but do not fully understand the preparation is not in place leading to many problems encountered in actual combat, eventually compare with the help of other groups of the technical staff better grasp and use Git.
        The first day is not over, there is a lot to learn. "
"Today I am off from one of the creators of digital ignorant nation state, and gradually have a certain understanding of the digital work in the morning so I know nothing about and hectic flawless great distress as a leader nor bring the group to support and encourage our haste to complete the first show ppt in a hurry the process, did not seize the key.
But after the teacher's care team reviews noon show, we started getting the mission of our work is to understand what we want to know what kind of work, we have to write a constitution look like. We collectively learn to use git way, then the success of learning the basic rules of procedure law Robert. Actively cooperate with the crew let us rediscover the rhythm of work, everything returned to normal navigation on the road. While our progress was slower than other some, but the direction of our work is found, the implementation of good work, so we still feel happy trace.
Our team of technical level is not very high, but many of the ideas of our team members is very out of color, so we wrote the screenplay micro performed very well. Finally, we show the group has been relatively good care of teacher evaluation. Can be considered hard work for us to give a hint of comfort.
Now we are caught up in their sleepy state, for a long time without a break for our bodies but also a great challenge. I decided tomorrow coffee ready to support our long hours of work.
My poor English skills, afternoon lectures have not heard too clear, Ben Koo beginning teacher explanations in English and I did not quite understand. In an international trend, we must promptly grasp the language of this compulsory subjects.
Well, finally the long codeword microblogging, I can simply good rest, and now we can be a pleasant state of mind to prepare for the next job, continue to modify the micro-film production and constitution .
Good night, happy! ! "
"XLP, extreme the learning process. The so-called extreme, after the day's challenge, I realized that not only require a very short time you are in a great amount of work output. Two great for the students in general terms, perhaps itself a kinds of pressure, but today let me surprise parties and all the challenges that our progress has been Far beyond the expectation.3D print modeling spike, gitgame moments to complete, let us give birth in a huge sense of accomplishment even further ambitions. but I think today I harvested the largest in XLP, or day, "general manager" of valuable experience.
 
In the company's financial management and market operation in this regard, before I was a piece of paper. When the task has just begun this morning, standing in front of the licensing of the Bureau. I thought it was a mess and melancholy ah. Seeing The third group is a registered company, is the beginning of the sale, had worried that they will screw it up. Unexpectedly, my heart has gradually been playing playing program, but also understand the first find a good buyer, open trade alone, go do a simple procedure Exchange trading. Understand simple procedure, the heart have space to play some small smart, such as the use of information asymmetry to an article in unequal sold to two different buyers, do not let them find each other this vulnerability; then for example, the rules of scoring exploits, to find a good friend of a fixed co constantly buying and selling to each other with an item, the turnover brush up. Of course, the rules go vulnerability is risky, in my eighth group Xu Zou Zou big profiteers [God] and later retired lesson brush their first round group LOGO patent, the patent office will be vigilant to find loopholes, not only terminate our transaction, we also deducted 25 per person ocean (ocean later is this 25 Zou God completely destroyed the evil mental confusion bottom line). Later on, I'm getting to enjoy the thrill of this big money, then find someone to continue trading in various ways traded on the project even includes technical selling. I love money, after all, a man, ah, then I can live trading volume of our group really is the greatest. But regrettably, I have just discovered the remaining deposit is actually the least of our group, I actually miserable 2 pocket money. The so-called gains will lose.
 
Of course, this XLP also directly contributed to the ability of my presentation, I used to always think they are doing pre simple, but today for the first time to do under strong pressure chaotic evil, only to find my pre organizational capacity of the structure and language of there are many shortcomings, which led directly to the failure of my morning pre later in the afternoon I determined to adjust the structure of the levels of detail and my speech ppt, only to win the Ben Koo slight nod. Alas, though I did not want to live in someone else's approval, but to get such a positive inspiration is a little bar.
 
Also, want to talk about the XLP not wholly satisfactory, one is prepared to challenge party is not feeling very good at the task to conduct business side when the waiting time is too long. In addition, and my imagination is not the same place, the thought XLP robot allows us to play, but did not expect to become a role-playing Monopoly general pattern, but also exercise my ability ppt, somewhat to my surprise ah. But in any case, always learn something. Learn something is a good thing.
Finally, it was found that students from Tsinghua University, ah, that is too serious, seriously is kind of a good thing, too serious, I might not comfortable. I hope I'm not used to. "
"XLP, interdisciplinary curriculum design challenges of system integration, always listen to the seniors before saying how crazy how busy the first day of class today have at least one crazy.

Different from ordinary classroom, XLP directly reconstruct a miniature society in three rooms. Small but perfectly formed, the Patent Office, the Public Security Bureau, Trade and Industry Bureau, banks, courts ...... even the black market, coupled with the four-member team consisting of eight mini-companies, all procedures are carried out in accordance with the process of the community, from a technical exchange the circulation of money, everything is so real, so we had a handful of crazy "venture addiction"

The first day, and a lot of contact with the makers a new concept of space. First introduced this morning to discuss the proper method, and then introduced the theory and use of 3D printing Bitcoin, so we work on the information age and trading tools have a more in-depth understanding, and give us the major tasks for the next four days - Write constitution a general direction.

Ray Doughty afternoon lecture-depth explanation of the principles of project management, and the Ben Koo stressed "no-nonsense" principle described in more detail again. He explains what information, what is the language, what is random, and the important role of these concepts in modern design work played. Then we have the practical operation of the Git-related method of operation, which allows us to have skilled and Git how to implement teamwork GitCafe modified copy. At this point, paving the way for the next three days of technical work completed.

Today, we conducted a total of three progress reports, primarily for drawing up the draft constitution, constitution and micro-film version of the story of the screenplay. Schedule is very tight, we are all pretty fight, everyone's progress is obvious. Ben Koo in the morning and in the afternoon has been a straight face, that we have not yet understood the spirit of modern makerspace, and we too much nonsense in the report, but the report of this phenomenon in the night had been a marked improvement. In the evening our group's report, Ben Koo nodded think we made progress, but still have to go back and see more related books.

In the morning I give full play to the technical superiority, was recruited integrity Ltd. for 3D printing technology leader. Begin to see a 3D printer that sets me at a loss, because the file format it uses never seen before. So I'm trying to contact the owner of the 3D printer to break stuck networks, and finally get the file conversion software, and the successful completion of the three groups Logo print job, and even get a reward B-) Of course, our team Logo Print the effect is quite good ... "
Today is the first day of the XLP, and after staying up late to finish a big operation yesterday, today arrived early basic industrial training center, under the guidance of a teacher's center found the course venue XLP, and to the second floor, the laboratory already full of people, after the sign, I played a busy contact group of students did not come to the task, even the opening of the course descriptions do not listen. Of course, English Courses have also been beyond my capabilities. After the introductory course, I did not figure out what to do in the end of this course, just know that after listening to a series of lectures, to begin work, the first thing is to do logo, with different ideas before, the thought this course will be busy doing a variety of physical, did not think that now is a blank. And Preparation courses are not very full, logo can now think of making, so unskilled in the use of 123D Design software, we use many of the basic body made a simple logo. And after done logo, we forget making show PPT, has been demonstrated to be submitted before hastily PPT two pages. When the first group show, Ben Koo sternly criticized innovation but we have no use "innovation" to beautify their creative acts. Under After this, we started the production version of the constitution of the story, because we do not know what does it mean in the end the story version, so it does not know what to do, they are looking for the missing group members the state go to waste half an hour. And when there is half an hour away from the show we started to really begin substantive progress of the meeting, and then were made part of the PPT, but at the time the merger is a problem, a big problem reoccurred show. In bobbing hit after hit to stay up in the afternoon, they listened to a lecture in English, then gitgame, PPT, we finally have a little bit of a clue, then continue to work on the basis of the PPT continue to modify the constitution until the evening. Although the task of the evening are free to do, but the work is varied, in the busy first day XLP coming to an end.
  Today is the first day of the XLP, the difficulty and learning progress even though before I interdisciplinary design challenges of system integration has a certain mental preparation, but came to the mechanical and electrical engineering laboratory, or exceeded my expectations. Money the students had produced a squared, the money class by class instructor nine difficulty into good, neutral and evil, according to the class schedule and order of the divided lawful, neutral, chaotic, where Ben Koo was "confusion evil. "Antarctic bear in a Beijing company who introduced 3D printing technology, since useless little more courtesy, Ben Koo spot freak "But they are students", with a roar to express his dissatisfaction, I was taken aback, XLP course not only terror, teachers and more terror. After the introduction, the morning's first task is to discuss the design and production team logo constitution. Our group has already done on the 25th 杨昊光 team logo, and on the 25th of the logo of our team has been discussed, so Yang Haoguang directly to 3D printing logo, and the parties with respect to 3D printing and challenges signed a valuable agreement . Wang Qian git some work as leader, and Li Qiang, the company set up to carry out an application, conduct transactions with other teams. I was scheduled to see the development as well as the rules of the constitution, and other people involved in mobility difficult. See the other teams were in full swing to discuss the design of the logo, I was generating a sense of panic, worried that I would be hanging branches XLP. A busy morning, I do not even know what I'm busy, and sometimes go to the market, and sometimes go to the bank, sometimes to 3D printing, confusedly busy noon. Noon to 2 minutes after dinner time, continue to work. Afternoon, I finally know what I'm doing. In addition to lectures to understand the basic usage of git in the afternoon most of my time in the constitution change and see file library. And foreign contracted a git technical services, however, when money, the money was refused service side, I have no time and their theory, continue to do their task. Then came the bad news, because our group and the eighth team in the Patent Office patent does not record the transaction, sentenced to 25 yuan fine, well, forget not happy, continue to do so. Night has been well underway since the merger, and the seventh group to discuss things, Blog of late.
"Today is the first day of the XLP course. This is the first time since the end of the exam 6:00 to get up. With restless heart, the sky was still dark when we arrived on the bike electromechanical innovation center, began to meet this day challenge.
Am recognition sign, because before I could not upload the information is incomplete for face recognition, but can only get a blank card no personal information. However, this did not dispel the bad start I attended XLP learning, to meet the challenges of the passion, I still confidently learning.
At first, Ben Koo is fluent in English to us briefly explain the  makerspace and time constitution. Although my English is not very good, much of the content of his talk, I did not understand, but from his speech, I deeply feel his enthusiasm and this course to our expectations.
Subsequently, the handsome lawyer gave us a four-force rules of procedure and Robert; then we learned Bitcoin usage and understand curriculum goals and scoring rules; finally recognize the rule of law. In the process, we learned a lot of new knowledge had never understand, and to develop an understanding of the digital space.
In the design of the 3D Logo printing group, we began to use Robert's Rules of Order team conducted constitution outline (story version) discussion. In my opinion, this is probably my challenge today experienced the most difficult part. Because little is known about the digital space and create off of writing vague constitution, during the discussion, I did not mention anything useful suggestions, so in the course of the discussion behaved extremely negative, rarely speak.
At noon, I was scheduled to go for 3D printing, but for technical reasons the printing was very humble, but also spent a lot of money in our group. It makes me very ashamed.
Zhu Zilin classmates afternoon our group first progress report, Ben Koo has been affirmed, which also allows me to restore a little confidence.
Then, the foreign guests to bring us an interesting lecture on XLP deepened our understanding of the curriculum and the digital space. Later, we learned that four days will be a very important tool frequently used git, and played a game called GitGame. However, due to our git technology is not good, this game we have a serious time-out, is not completed, but also affect the mission that followed: the second discussion.
Although today flies are not smooth, but I firmly believe that tomorrow will be better! "

The first day "XLP's
   Today is the legend of the first day of XLP. Feel small thing, but too much to ask. But also with GitCafe, but also with Teambition, different things according to different formats filed and Git this thing has been working, watching the tutorial is very simple, each command is not difficult, but he will always be a variety of different error situation. Looked so much English do not know what is wrong, she felt very helpless.
   Start did not know what to do, all kinds of deadlines ensued, people busy. Constantly watching various notification required in a variety of platforms, after efforts finally came to understand a ballpark. Gradually darkening sky outside the window, chaotic life unconsciously close to the end of the day on. Looking back on the first day, there are still a lot of results. Our initial contact with some of the management theory, the theory of systematics, which is very helpful for future work. We also learned new things, such as Bitcoin. Most importantly, we discuss a variety of classic models, discuss the first draft of the constitution of our company, and make a variety of changes. Eventually we put our company name is infinite eight companies, our company uses hierarchical permissions system is divided into four, each level is not the same privilege. We are mainly engaged in all kinds of high technology, management of various projects. There are micro screenplay, we want a special, full of positive energy of the script, tells of a young man full of ambition, through their own efforts to become the world's former chairman of several companies. By the way, we also print their own LOGO group, three infinity stacked structure, unfortunately a problem when printing. To this end, we also specialized and production team played a lawsuit, and finally won in court.
   XLP there are many elements in the activities of the courts, the market, etc., to the day's activities add a lot of other elements, teach us how to deal with people at the same time to adapt to the real social advance. Learning process is always difficult, end of the day does not mean the end of life to learn. A new beginning to the day, we need to continue on the road. "
"The first day xlp, experience a domineering side leakage, Weiminghehe care teacher, experience or from fully understand the play is not very slip git, design a constitution, do ppt, wrote the screenplay, was greatly cattle lecture (in English, said wood residue listen too much to understand) that he took pen print 3d printing a team logo, registered the "company", keep the deposit, attempted to apply for a trademark, opened several Council members do as a record of the meeting the number of copies of meeting minutes, she felt even a day can do so many things I was very surprised, but "extreme learning" is really a lesson to its name ah ...... day down to eat a meal and drink a glass of water is not the toilet, but fortunately only three and a half days ==.
     Less than 8:00 in the morning to come here to feel with the imagination is not the same, not to say good laboratory it? The result is the room ...... then found not let us use those computers that let us use their own laptop - or computer, or to house ...... and culture techniques, brush Night Stalker. Ben Koo had seemed wonderful speech, because there is no reason for that seems to be completely understood; then explained the four handsome lawyer Robert force rules and procedure laid norms after the meeting; then Mr. Qu for us to explain the after the Bitcoin currency using the tool and its usage and pay treasure ...... introduce a series of courses and training in the basics of beginning a formal challenge. The first design and 3D printing logo, team logo due to the day before we actually good design, so the design of the time and there is no problem, but due to line up row late and the efficiency of our 3D printers can only go to the black market rental 3D after printing pen to manually print team logo, this task falls on my head, so I found that I was able to paint seemingly, is not ye brush, the result is a kawaii logo ...... tragedy found a computer idiot really no future in this door very large data classes, git tried many times not only frequently resort to fast until the evening when the leader ...... 10:00 amend the first successful personal information use the git ...... first day is such a tragedy, but fortunately survived. "
"x lp logs on the first day.
Today, I actually just the beginning of it late, it's really not a good place to start, and the next, everything is so busy and chaotic. There was a time in the middle, feeling she was near collapse. But an urgent task but one does not allow me to rest. After lunch I was never learned enough about this event. With me before then, on learning git on teambition understanding, coupled with prior Society 123d design. My contribution to the value gradually increased. I also finally be able to better integrate this activity. Robert's Rules of Order and use the chair. Better promote my team members are working together. Then own have more control over the situation. Gradually, some of the ideas put forward a more workable. Use git for the whole group membership service.
   In addition, I also gain a lot of warmth. Was able to become so united in such a short period of time between the members. We have morning, chaotic conflicts, gradually adjust to the orderly and organized and assisted with the work. At the same time, our efficiency has been greatly improved. This is the power of collaboration. In addition, I am also very grateful to members who order online meal. It is because of their pay, in order for us to maintain a high overall efficiency of the entire work, everyone is doing all it can, the rest does not work intermittently. Everyone in this matter, there is some understanding. Then, when we are all striving together, they become a great job. The confusion has just begun gradually abate, our work has become more clear thinking. Mutual cooperation between becomes visible.
   On the other hand, I also feel the warmth from the organizers feel the taste, pain in music. So many sectors show a style society. And you and the staff, they are so amiable and positive to help us.
   The next day, or the middle followed by work now,, basically do not know can have a rest? How many can rest? All of this is uncertain, but I know that I want to start a new one as soon as possible to work, I want to get I was assigned to the task. "
As a project manager, the fourth group, let me summarize the results of today's groups and individuals. Overall team ranked first in the morning, members of the group total XLP much to get rid of the other groups. Yang Haoguang students design 3D LOGO praise, and successfully contracted the management of 3D printer, make a lot of extra money. Li Qiang reselling Survival Guide by skillfully and successfully molested groups. Git game in the afternoon the whole group with a stable way, successfully achieved the second. And also received a lot of teams requested technical support to solve a lot of problems. GitCafe.com the bug appears again. But in the afternoon due to the use of magic and Robert's Rules of Order template brainstorming meeting to discuss and makerspace, leading to push the constitution is not completed on schedule, but in view of the entire project team almost did not complete the challenge parties delay, there is no losses too. The second shows a good effect, Li Qiang students PPT done very powerful, while simple style has been chaotic evil affirmed. The last to do so to this day has become the best team. However, the final transaction amount individuals can somehow turned into two, the marketing department found the problem, but the bank refused to investigate the relevant personnel spending records, causing problems aside until tomorrow, very unhappy. Talk about the details today. The first is, the beginning of the task is more confused, but fortunately Yang Haoguang students ahead of the 3D LOGO (could not resist saying again ...) so that we get a lot of advantages and has been very well maintained. Then when the game everyone git collaboration is very good, although with a more elementary approach, but still relatively quickly completed (execution seventh group of really strong). Finally, since the date of the first rank, have the initiative in tomorrow's team reorganization, we take the initiative to conduct consultations with 郝育昆 group restructuring, but for fear of mac and windows software incompatibility issues, did not reach the final. We propose restructuring initiative with the wishes of the executive power of the seventh head of the group's strong, quick thinking, people left a deep impression. Although we still have some differences in terms of ideology, but taking into account their strengths in technology, if tomorrow the completion of the reorganization, the result will be very exciting
The first day "XLP's
For computers in a near idiot I am, the first so-called naive is bruised and battered. However, also be the first time a powerful glimpse into the digital world. Once thought, specially those black output code software, but belong to the programmer in the world, the outcome of today suddenly discovered that, these, has quietly come side. Begin to understand the meaning of the code, a little bit of learning, little by little progress, until this evening have been able to understand and write code in general, take a look at everything I do, still very proud of. PPT show by noon I finished, I always shy to show up very tight, putting itself I shirk, want others to replace me, finally being another voice hearts stop. XLP, extreme the learning process itself is perhaps intended to challenge the limits of it. In the end, despite the completion of ineffective, but eventually finished. Good good. I had not busy all day, even at noon to listen to the music of the time will be gone. Such a life, really is some discomfort. My eyes have now been spent. But this does not matter. I do not think I can beat fatigue. My memories of sudden unexplained drift back to a year ago. At that time, every day is divided between day and night for a physical contest getting ready, and suddenly one night, went to the playground center alone, lie down. Perhaps something should think, maybe not. At that time, I do not know the hard work day and night for what, so the heart is full of resentment, just as I did this morning. However, I recall that in this period of time, and now is able to feel happy, so it should also be a bold assumption, after ten days, ten years later, it should also consider the experience of XLP is happy now. But now it should not, certainly not now. Secondly, with teammate intersection is definitely an art, there are contradictions, but embarrassed to propose, so are all busy myself, still very hard. So you want to learn to communicate, there are difficulties to face together, this is the "mate." "